doc: nrf: bluetooth: RAS RREQ and RRSP docs (#19230)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth/services/rrsp.rst

.. _rrsp_readme:

Ranging Responder (RRSP)
########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Overview
********

This library implements the Ranging Responder for Channel Sounding with the corresponding set of characteristics defined in the `Ranging Service Specification`_ and the `Ranging Profile Specification`_.

This library supports On Demand Ranging Data.

Configuration
*************

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RAS` - Enables RREQ and RRSP Kconfig options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this library, use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RAS` Kconfig option.

Check and adjust also the following Kconfig options:
```

.. _rrsp_readme:

Ranging Responder (RRSP)
########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Overview
********

This library implements the Ranging Responder for Channel Sounding with the corresponding set of characteristics defined in the `Ranging Service Specification`_ and the `Ranging Profile Specification`_.

Supported features
==================

> - On Demand Ranging Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library supports On Demand Ranging Data.
```
You could leave out the Supported features heading also here.

> Configuration

Reviewer: Do the same adjustments as in the other library doc. This PR also needs a changelog entry.

This sets the antenna paths per step that can be stored inside the Ranging Service.
This value must match the supported Channel Sounding capabilities of the device.
This affects the per-instance memory usage of the Ranging Service.

Set support for storing Mode 3 Channel Sounding steps using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RAS_MODE_3_SUPPORTED` kconfig option.
This will allocate memory for the Ranging Service to store Mode 3 Channel Sounding steps.
This value must match the supported Channel Sounding capabilities of the device.
This affects the per-instance memory usage of the Ranging Service.

Enable RRSP kconfig options using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RAS_RRSP` kconfig option.

Set new connections to be allocated a RRSP instance automatically using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RAS_RRSP_AUTO_ALLOC_INSTANCE` kconfig option.

Set the number of simultaneously supported RRSP instances using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RAS_RRSP_MAX_ACTIVE_CONN` kconfig option.

Set the number of ranging data buffers per connection using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RAS_RRSP_RD_BUFFERS_PER_CONN` kconfig option.

> Set the logging level of the RRSP library using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RAS_RRSP_LOG_LEVEL` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 2: May be a bulleted list might be beneficial here in this section (in both libraries) :
Example: 
:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RAS_RRSP_RD_BUFFERS_PER_CONN`  - Sets the number of ranging data buffers per connection.
and so on.
